1. why would we want to change the size of a vector?
so we can add elements to it or remove elements from it
2. Why would we want to have different element types for different vectors?
so that we can have vectors that contain values of different types
3. Why don’t we just always define a vector with a large enough size for all eventualities?
because that would waste a lot of space
4. How much spare space do we allocate for a new vector?
none
5. When must we copy vector elements to a new location?
when we run out of spare space
6. Which vector operations can change the size of a vector after construction?
resize(), push_back(), and '='
7. What is the value of a vector after a copy?
the same a it was before the copy
8. Which two operations define copy for vector?
'=' and resize() 
9. What is the default meaning of copy for class objects?
copy all the elements
10. What is a template?
a way to make a recipe of a function or class for multiple types
11. What are the two most useful types of template arguments?
typename T, and int N
12. What is generic programming?
writing code that works with a variety of types presented as arguements, as long as those arguement
types meet specific syntatic and semantic requirements.
13. How does generic programming differ from object-oriented programming?
it relys on compile time resolution instead of runtime resolution
14. How does array differ from vector?
it doesn't know its size and an add values to space it doesn't own
15. How does array differ from the built-in array?
it doesn't easily change to a pointer and it copies properly
16. How does resize() differ from reserve()?
resize() makes a new vector and destroys the old one, reserve gets more space
17. What is a resource? Define and give examples.
a object that is acquired and must be given back, free-store memory
18. What is a resource leak?
not giving a resource back after using it
19. What is RAII? What problem does it address?
"Resource Acquisition Is Initialization", forgetting to release a resource
20. What is unique_ptr good for?
for keeping a pointer to an object when the original pointer goes out of scope
