1. what does “Caveat emptor!” mean?
good advice

2. What is the default meaning of copying for class objects?
copy all (and only) the data members

3. When is the default meaning of copying of class objects appropriate? When is it inappropriate?
whenever we are not copying with pointer, when copying with a pointer
* Whenever a class aquires resources outside of data members

4. What is a copy constructor?
a constructor for a class that defines what it means to copy from an object of the same type

5. What is a copy assignment?
a definition of what it means to copy using '='

6. What is the difference between copy assignment and copy initialization?
copy assignment uses two already created vector. copy initialization creates one vector with another

7. What is shallow copy? What is deep copy?
shallow copy is copying pointers and references. deep copy is copying the values that pointers and references point to
* Deep copy copies all resources, shaloow copy share resources

8. How does the copy of a vector compare to its source?
it is a deep copy, so it is exactly the same

9. What are the five “essential operations” for a class?
constructors, default constructor
copy constructors, move constructors, destructors, copy assignment, and move assignment

10. What is an explicit constructor? Where would you prefer one over the (default) alternative?
a constuctor that only allows its type to be converted in a specific way, whenever you don't want to be able to convert
in multiple ways
* When you don't want the compiler to convert types automatically in contrucots 

11. What operations may be invoked implicitly for a class object?
initialization, seting the value of

12. What is an array?
a group of objects of the same type which have no memory gaps between them

13. How do you copy an array?
by copying each element of the array

14. How do you initialize an array?
with [] brackets
int a[12] ={1, 2, 3, 4}

15. When should you prefer a pointer argument over a reference argument? Why?
when you need to keep track of a value on the free store.

16. What is a C-style string?
an array of characters terminated with zero
17. What is a palindrome?
a word that is the same backwards and forwards
